[SSL] Removed mentions of dedicated certs (#3486)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/tenant/src/content/get-started/enabling-services.md

* PARTNERS_BIZ
* PARTNERS_ENT

> These are the same plans that customers buy in the dashboard. Additionally, depending on your agreement there may be additional services you can select including `page_rules`, etc. These are specified as `component_values` in the subscriptions creation request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These are the same plans that customers buy in the dashboard. Additionally, depending on your agreement there may be additional services you can select such as `page_rules`. These are specified as `component_values` in the subscriptions creation request.
```
I would rephrase it, since now we're only listing one service.
